.de EX		\"Begin example
.ne 5
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
.nf
.in +.5i
..
.de EE
.fi
.in -.5i
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
..
.TH XtraScreenHacks 1 "31-March-2006" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
berlinuhr - the Berlin quantity didactics clock
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B berlinuhr
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP] [\-window] [\-root]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP] \" [\-delay \fImicroseconds\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIberlinuhr\fP program displays a simulation of Dieter Binninger's Berlin-Uhr quantity didactics clock which now stands at the Europa Center in Berlin.

To read the clock, add the values of the lighted lamps: the rectangular lamps in the top row (red) specify five hours each; in the second row (red), one hour each; in the third row (yellow and red), five minutes each; and in the bottom row (yellow), one minute each. 
.SH OPTIONS
.I berlinuhr
accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-db\fP | \fB\-no\-db\fP
Use double\-buffering, or not. \fB\-db\fP is the default.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1),
 http://www.surveyor.in-berlin.de/berlin/uhr/indexe.html
 http://www.kojak-online.de/berlin-uhr/
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2006 by Kelley Nielsen.
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and
its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"
without express or implied warranty.

Berlin-Uhr\(rg is a registered trademark of the Kindermann company in Rudow, Germany.

.SH AUTHOR
Kelley Nielsen <shegeek@cruzers.com>
