.TH "XtraScreenHacks" "1" "28-Feb-06" "X Version 11" ""
.SH "NAME"
twinkle \- draws tiny twinkling stars
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B twinkle
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP] [\-window] [\-root] [\-mono] [\-install] [\-visual \fIvisual\fP] [\-delay \fIusecs\fP] [\-density \fIinteger\fP] [\-ncolors \fIinteger\fP] [\-db | \-no\-db]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fItwinkle\fP program is a low power consumption screenhack that resembles a twinkling starfield.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.I twinkle
accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly\-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-mono 
If on a color display, pretend we're on a monochrome display.
.TP 8
.B \-install
Install a private colormap for the window.
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-delay \fIusecs\fP
Per\-frame delay, in microseconds:  default is 50000.
.TP 8
.B \-density \fIinteger\fP
Number of stars to draw in each direction of the screen, i.e. an argument of 'n' produces an nxn grid of stars. Default is 8.
.TP 8
.B \-ncolors \fIinteger\fP
How many colors should be used (if possible).  Default is 64.
The colors are chosen randomly. Passing an argument of 1 is the same as specifying \fB\-mono\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-db\fP | \fB\-no\-db\fP
Use double\-buffering, or not. \fB\-db\fP is the default.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.PP 
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1),
.BR xlock (1)
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright \(co 2006 by Kelley Nielsen.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation. 
.SH "AUTHOR"
Kelley Nielsen <shegeek\-dev@comcast.net>, 28\-Feb\-06.
