.TH "XtraScreenHacks" "1" "" "X Version 11" ""
.SH "NAME"
craters \- a lunar surface being cratered
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B craters
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-delay \fInumber\fP]
[[\-count \fInumber\fP]
[\-step \fInumber\fP]
[\-waittime \fInumber\fP]
[\-fps]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Craters is an animation of a lunar surface being cratered.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly\-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-delay \fInumber\fP
Per\-frame delay, in microseconds.  Default: 50000 (0.05 seconds.).
.TP 8
.B \-count \fInumber\fP
How many craters should form before the screen clears and starts over. Legal values are from 1 to 100.  Default: 20.
.TP 8
.B \-step \fInumber\fP
How far the crater ejecta should fly in one frame.  Legal values are from 1 to 20.  Default: 10.
.TP 8
.B \-waittime \fInumber\fP
Time between crater impacts.  Legal values are from 1 to 200.  Default: 10.
.TP 8
.B \-fps | \-no\-fps
Whether to show a frames\-per\-second display at the bottom of the screen.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.PP 
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1),
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright \(co 2010 by Kelley Nielsen.  Permission to use, copy, modify, 
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is 
hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear 
in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the 
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without
express or implied warranty.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Kelley Nielsen <shegeek\-dev@comcast.net>
