.TH "XtraScreenHacks" "1" "" "X Version 11" ""
.SH "NAME"
psychedelic \- old school color table animation
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B psychedelic
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-delay \fInumber\fP]
[\-ncolors \fInumber\fP]
[\-smooth]
[\-mono]
[\-clover]
[\-stripes]
[\-circle]
[\-plasma]
[\-bumpyround]
[\-bumpysquare]
[\-fps]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Old school color table animation, featuring the classic Smoking Clover hack by Bill Gospers.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly\-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-delay \fInumber\fP
Per\-frame delay, in microseconds.  Default: 30000 (0.03 seconds.).
.TP 8
.B \-ncolors \fInumber\fP
How many different colors should be used. Legal values are from 2 to 2048. The original Smoking Clover hack used 16. Default: 64. 
.TP 8
.B \-smooth
Use smooth color transitioning, i.e. animation cycles along a color gradient rather than through discrete bands of color. Doesn't show too well with a small number of colors. With a large number, creates a nebulous effect.
.TP 8
.B \-mono
Make animation run in black and white. Can be a real eyesore. Overrides \-ncolors.
.TP 8
.B \-clover
Animate the Smoking Clover map. This is the default. Overrides all other maps.
The rest of the map options override all previously described map options except -clover.
.TP 8
.B \-stripes
Animate the striped fractal map.
.TP 8
.B \-circle
Animate the circle & oval fractal map.
.TP 8
.B \-plasma
Animate the plasma fractal map.
.TP 8
.B \-bumpyround
Animate the bidirectional sine waves map.
.TP 8
.B \-bumpysquare
Animate the square & rectangular bidirectional sine waves map.
.TP 8
.B \-fps | \-no\-fps
Whether to show a frames\-per\-second display at the bottom of the screen.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.PP 
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1)
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright \(co 2015 by Kelley Nielsen.  Permission to use, copy, modify, 
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is 
hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear 
in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the 
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without
express or implied warranty.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Kelley Nielsen <kelleynnn@gmail.com>
