.TH "XtraScreenHacks" "1" "" "X Version 11" ""
.SH "NAME"
skylark \- an animated 1950s kitchen table top
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B skylark
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-delay \fInumber\fP]
[\-count \fInumber\fP]
[\-ncolors \fInumber\fP]
[\-mono]
[\-colorchangerate \fInumber\fP]
[\-spinrate \fInumber\fP]
[\-size \fInumber\fP]
[\-step \fInumber\fP]
[\-fps]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Skylark looks like the classic kitchen table top from the 1950s, with the boomerangs moving around like you're drunk.

"Skylark" was the original name for the design, developed by the Formica Corporation, that is now marketed as "Boomerang." For more information, see:

http://www.newretrodining.com/boomerang_article.htm
http://www.formica.com/
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly\-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-delay \fInumber\fP
Per\-frame delay, in microseconds.  Default: 30000 (0.03 seconds.).
.TP 8
.B \-count \fInumber\fP
How many boomerangs there should be on the screen at one time. Legal values are from 1 to 5000.  Default: 150.
.TP 8
.B \-ncolors \fInumber\fP
How many different colors the background should cycle through. Legal values are from 1 to 5000.  Default: 128.
.TP 8
.B \-colorchangerate \fInumber\fP
How long the background color should take to cycle. Legal values are from 1 to 1000.  Default: 10.
.TP 8
.B \-mono
Draw all boomerangs in white (or whatever your display uses for white) on a black background. Overrides \-ncolors.
.TP 8
.B \-spinrate \fInumber\fP
How fast the boomerangs should rotate. Legal values are from 1 to 100. Default: 10.
.TP 8
.B \-size \fInumber\fP
How big the boomerangs should be. Large ones look better than small ones, and it will take less of them to fill the screen. Legal values are from 1 to 500.  Default: 100.
.TP 8
.B \-step \fInumber\fP
How far the boomerangs should advance in one frame. Higher values may speed up the movement more gracefully than using \-delay. Legal values are from 1 to 2000.  Default: 200.
.TP 8
.B \-fps | \-no\-fps
Whether to show a frames\-per\-second display at the bottom of the screen.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.PP 
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1),
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright \(co 2015 by Kelley Nielsen.  Permission to use, copy, modify, 
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is 
hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear 
in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the 
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without
express or implied warranty.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Kelley Nielsen <kelleynnn@gmail.com>
