.TH "XtraScreenHacks" "1" "" "X Version 11" ""
.SH "NAME"
soma \- Piet Hein's 3d cube puzzle
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B soma
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-delay \fInumber\fP]
[\-duration \fInumber\fP]
[\-changerate \fInumber\fP]
[\-spinrate \fInumber\fP]
[\-clockwise]
[\-ncolors \fInumber\fP]
[\-multicolors]
[\-colorchangerate \fInumber\fP]
[\-mono]
[\-fps]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Displays various figures that 
can be made with the Soma puzzle.

Invented by Piet Hein, copyright 1936.
Solutions provided by Thorleif Bundgaard.

For more information, see Thorleif's Soma Page at
http://www.fam\-bundgaard.dk/SOMA/SOMA.HTM
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly\-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-delay \fInumber\fP
Per\-frame delay, in microseconds.  Default: 30000 (0.03 seconds.).
.TP 8
.B \-duration \fInumber\fP
How long each figure should stay on the screen before breaking apart. Legal values are from 1 to 5000. Default: 500.
.TP 8
.B \-changerate \fInumber\fP
How long it should take for the figure to break apart and reassemble. Legal values are from 1 to 500.  Default: 100.
.TP 8
.B \-spinrate \fInumber\fP
How fast the figure should rotate. Legal values are from 1 to 100. Default: 10.
.TP 8
.B \-clockwise
Make the figure rotate clockwise instead of counter\-clockwise.
.TP 8
.B \-ncolors \fInumber\fP
How many different colors should be used. Using less than the default value is not recommended because the color cycling steps will become noticeble. Legal values are from 1 to 2048.  Default: 256.
.TP 8
.B \-multicolors
Draw each puzzle piece in a different color. Ignored if less than seven colors are allocated.
.TP 8
.B \-colorchangerate \fInumber\fP
How long the colors should take to cycle. Legal values are from 1 to 1000.  Default: 10.
.TP 8
.B \-mono
Draw everything in white (or whatever your display uses for white). Overrides \-multicolors and \-ncolors.
.TP 8
.B \-fps | \-no\-fps
Whether to show a frames\-per\-second display at the bottom of the screen.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.PP 
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1)
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright \(co 2015 by Kelley Nielsen.  Permission to use, copy, modify, 
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is 
hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear 
in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation.  No representations are made about the 
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without
express or implied warranty.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Kelley Nielsen <kelleynnn@gmail.com>
